README.md, before:

# S-Type Theme
* Version: 1.0.0

THIS IS JUST A PUBLIC BETA TEST!

##Description

A Bootstrap based theme for [Sentora](http://sentora.org/).

## Demo

Check out this theme on the [Sentora demo](http://sentora.ga).

##installing S-Type theme

###To install this theme in Sentora:
1. [download the master branch](https://github.com/auxio/S-Type/archive/master.zip).
2. Extract **S-Type-master.zip** and rename the directory from **S-Type-master** to **S-Type**.
3. Upload your **S-Type** directory into **/etc/sentora/panel/etc/styles** directory on your Sentora server.
4. Go to your Sentora **Admin** => **Reseller** => **Theme Manager** choose **S-Type** and save.
5. If you like you may choose a theme variation.

Or use my one line install and update bash script thingy which does all of that for you! (Notice: It is still in beta!)
```
bash <(curl -L -Ss http://auxio.github.io/S-Type_installer.sh)
```

##License agreement

S-Type is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) (CC BY-SA 4.0).

So it can be used for personal and commercial purposes, but do not remove or edit the .st-footer div! which contains **Powered by** ![sentora](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auxio/S-Type/master/img/logos/sentora_logo_sig.png) and **Theme by** ![auxio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auxio/S-Type/master/img/logos/auxio-logo.png)!

##Author

This theme is designed by Ron a.k.a. Ron-e [@github](https://github.com/Ron-e).
Author's website: [Auxio.eu](http://auxio.eu/).

##Credits

This theme uses:
* [Bootstrap v3.1.1](http://getbootstrap.com) (licence: [MIT](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE))
* [jQuery v1.11.1](http://jquery.org) (licence: [MIT](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE))
* [Sentora logo's](https://github.com/sentora/art)
* [flaticons](http://flaticons.net/) (logout-icon) (licence: Royalty free)
* [small-n-flat module icons](http://paomedia.github.io/small-n-flat/) (Iconpack for sentora [on Sentora forums](https://github.com/auxio/small-n-flat-icon-pack) or [on github](http://forums.sentora.org/showthread.php?tid=1562&pid=10000#pid10000)) (licence: [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://github.com/paomedia/small-n-flat/blob/master/LICENSE))
* And lots if random things from the default Sentora theme by jasondavis.

##Getting support

If you have a question of found a bug you are free to comment in [this thread](http://forums.sentora.org/showthread.php?tid=1577) on the [Sentora forums](http://forums.sentora.org/).

##Version updates

0.0.3 BETA 
* Start of public beta.

1.0.0
* official release.

##WARRANTY

THE THEME IS DISTRIBUTED IN THE HOPE THAT IT WILL BE USEFUL, BUT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. 
IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE THEME IS WITH YOU. 
SHOULD THE THEME PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW THE AUTHOR WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, 
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE THEME 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE THEME TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), 
EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

##screenshot

![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/SgYo9v3.png)

Commit message:

added costum user_logviewer icon
added costum user_logviewer icon

README.md, after:

# S-Type Theme
* Version: 1.0.0

If you found a module for which this theme does not have a theme icon, please tell me on the [Sentora forums](http://forums.sentora.org/showthread.php?tid=1577) and i will make it!

##Description

A Bootstrap based theme for [Sentora](http://sentora.org/).

## Demo

Check out this theme on the [Sentora demo](http://sentora.ga).

##installing S-Type theme

###To install this theme in Sentora:
1. [download the master branch](https://github.com/auxio/S-Type/archive/master.zip).
2. Extract **S-Type-master.zip** and rename the directory from **S-Type-master** to **S-Type**.
3. Upload your **S-Type** directory into **/etc/sentora/panel/etc/styles** directory on your Sentora server.
4. Go to your Sentora **Admin** => **Reseller** => **Theme Manager** choose **S-Type** and save.
5. If you like you may choose a theme variation.

Or use my one line install and update bash script thingy which does all of that for you! (Notice: It is still in beta!)
```
bash <(curl -L -Ss http://auxio.github.io/S-Type_installer.sh)
```

##License agreement

S-Type is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) (CC BY-SA 4.0).

So it can be used for personal and commercial purposes, but do not remove or edit the .st-footer div! which contains **Powered by** ![sentora](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auxio/S-Type/master/img/logos/sentora_logo_sig.png) and **Theme by** ![auxio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/auxio/S-Type/master/img/logos/auxio-logo.png)!

##Author

This theme is designed by Ron a.k.a. Ron-e [@github](https://github.com/Ron-e).
Author's website: [Auxio.eu](http://auxio.eu/).

##Credits

This theme uses:
* [Bootstrap v3.1.1](http://getbootstrap.com) (licence: [MIT](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE))
* [jQuery v1.11.1](http://jquery.org) (licence: [MIT](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE))
* [Sentora logo's](https://github.com/sentora/art)
* [flaticons](http://flaticons.net/) (logout-icon) (licence: Royalty free)
* [small-n-flat module icons](http://paomedia.github.io/small-n-flat/) (Iconpack for sentora [on Sentora forums](https://github.com/auxio/small-n-flat-icon-pack) or [on github](http://forums.sentora.org/showthread.php?tid=1562&pid=10000#pid10000)) (licence: [CC0 1.0 Universal](https://github.com/paomedia/small-n-flat/blob/master/LICENSE))
* And lots if random things from the default Sentora theme by jasondavis.

##Getting support

If you have a question of found a bug you are free to comment in [this thread](http://forums.sentora.org/showthread.php?tid=1577) on the [Sentora forums](http://forums.sentora.org/).

##Version updates

0.0.3 BETA 
* Start of public beta.

1.0.0
* official release.

##WARRANTY

THE THEME IS DISTRIBUTED IN THE HOPE THAT IT WILL BE USEFUL, BUT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. 
IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE THEME IS WITH YOU. 
SHOULD THE THEME PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW THE AUTHOR WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, 
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE THEME 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE THEME TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), 
EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

##screenshot

![screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/SgYo9v3.png)
